There's always a lion.
I think, I expect it to go.
But I almost went back further than that.
you know thousands of years
This is me, J-A-N-I-S-T.
This is me, Charles.
And I am a good friend.
I'd like to sit here with you.
What a serious, real scholar.
Oh, there's two times, but I am, but I am a little, I don't even have to do that.
Okay, go ahead.
And if you're a scholar, you're a wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.
It's nice to have you here.
You were not okay.
It was wonderful, and I'm glad you got the opportunity.
I am excited to concentrate on that man, because really deep in my heart, I understand.
This is for Julie, J.U.S.
L.I.E., Lama, L-A-M-A.
And what did you tell me about that?
Julie is also a woman who made a painting.
And she was a very eclectic collection.
And she has a very eclectic collection.
Yes.
I think it's only one.
But she is a plastic collector and we've had a good time throughout the years collecting her.
And when we're on trips together, the first place we had was in Pittsburgh.
I'm noticing that you're talking about beautiful mountains and I've heard anyone say that anymore.
Thank you, officer.
And it's a pleasure to meet you, and you're very interesting.
I think you live in a very interesting state, too.
I've spoken to a lot of your stories.
I got lots of posters.
We do give out our posters.
I don't know, I've got a lot of data now, but these parts still work.
But I do understand that I'm walking, walking, walking, walking, walking on the street, and there, you know, going through that.
Oh, yeah.
You're all right.
You're walking, because you're going home.
Yes, who else would want others to be the most?
No, but no one else could do that.
Obviously, the woman who was here was not a person.
You understood that.
Well, at least you have to express away everything.
My mother, yeah, but I would much rather have to do some things at Christmas time, too.
Oh, of course.
That's a very good thing.
Well, I could have all had to stay like that.
I gave a time at the Morgan Library in the United States.
New York's four countries.
And right out of the country.
Maybe.
And we sold out a hundred times and ran out upon the cliff.
But I know these people all from my board members.
They said, would you like a poster?
You bet.
They said, well, we'll ship it.
I said, no, I'll take it.
I'll put out a quota for the story.
I just put away my full card.
And I said, there, I had to do a real assignment with playwrights.
And I went over there.
You know, I had my poster.
And I went up to his speech, and I looked like, excuse me, Mr. Trump, and I had a good speech.
And that would be how to take it.
Oh, of course.
So should I, who should I describe it?
A-R-E-N.
What's your last name?
My last name is M-A-R.
It's A-S-E-O.
M-A-R-E-N.
Your books are here.
I'll pass them, right?
Oh, yeah.
And I'm going to make it.
I'm going to make it.
There is, yeah, it's pretty sweet.
Oh, he's wonderful.
Shall I rest in the room?
What are you saying about Mr. Marcus?
I'm saying Marcus was there.
He was the last one.
If I had that story, that's the kind of story we've lived back here.
L-I-G-I-A L-I-G-I-A L-I-G-I-A L-I-G-I-A L-I-G-I-A L-I-G-I-A L-I-G-I-A L-I-G-I-A
Are you a collector?
I'm not a collector.
I'm a book lover, and I'm able to read the book.
The cover's great.
I think they're very good to size.
Very beautiful.
... ...
And it's always good that you don't follow your message.
I have a cavern that says I have a question.
I have to be there.
Okay.
That's just making yourself organized.
... ... ... ...
I'm glad you came to our feet.
It's a special place.
I'm going to second to try it on.
I just had to come and be just as ready as much as possible.
There's a new book that I'm writing, I would say, with my own feelings and feelings.
I'm also here to write a book with white warriors.
Sure.
Here we go.
I just want to congratulate you that I thought your presentation was really like you.
It was absolutely marvelous, and I especially enjoyed hearing all about Mr. Humbert.
He supports my family.
I tell you, it is a shame they don't want to do that.
It really is.
It was a charming story, and I wouldn't even like to meet the man.
He's not a bad person.
As I say in the book, I quote a guy who's not an evil man.
He's sick, he has an attack, and they live obsessed.
When they're a child, I'll follow on that jury.
It would have been tough.
I mean, I wouldn't let them go out, but I should have said this at a certain time.
I wouldn't say either.
I mean, you know, we have great history, and people that do all the time.
It's okay.
That's what I would have done with him.
He told me, he asked me what was.
He said, you have to think of how I will ever be welcomed in the world of liberal style.
Well, Steve was robbing them like crazy.
And he says, well, he said, I mean, I could give lectures in the world of, you know, security.
That's what I think you guys did.
That's what you should have done.
Well, that was delightful.
Thank you.
.
No, no, I try to keep in mind what I'm talking about.
Do you want to go to Austin?
I'll go to Austin.
Well, I've been there.
I've been there.
Thank you so much.
You know what?
I think this would have really grieved me if I'd watched it.
I have another one that we could have left.
This is funny.
Remember Toby Holtzman, the collector of the guy that had a chapter of Toby Holtzman?
When I hear him talk, I hear him listen.
I must be more interested in you.
Toby came and he was a classic.
One of the things he put in, like a book pack.
Now, do you have any more checks that are hidden in your clubies anywhere?
The checks are not about to lose.
Okay, sweetie.
Oh, here, just before you leave, I mentioned our good friend Marty Montgomery's name, and you said that Marty and Joyce are somewhat of a reputation.
Well, I first met him because I read his first book in Trapfishing and wrote a short note, the first one I've ever written.
Well, I'm looking to be right, so I was very lucky to have a look.
Well, unlike a lot of the angling riders who can't manage to strain a couple of the new dances together, the late American farm rider said that you can't speak to the right about fishing.
Fish are the right.
Riders that fish, read the latter.
I'll cut it out.
Thank you.
But I wanted to ask you, the question that came up is, what did you mean?
Did you use himself as a whole world?
Did he actually use himself?
And so he talks about the rest of the world.
He's doing a new radio.
But he believed that, you know, he was Italian, he was a farmer, he was a husband and he had a sweet collection of food, and then it's some anti-mutational food.
And he said, I mean, I don't know how to do that.
He said, I mean, I don't know how to do that.
He said, well, I'm just glad to report out some of these things as well.
Oh yes, children, children, look at the space, but you know what the dream is, you know what the dream is, you know what the dream is, you know what the dream is, you know what the dream is, you know what the dream is, you know what the dream is, you know what the dream is, you know what the dream is, you know what the dream is, you know what the dream is, you know what the dream is, you know what the dream is
... ... ... ...
I have to say, but I've seen my family speak for me.
I know what I mean, son.
I never agree I have to.
I would say it's a white cross that we drive that cable back up.
And you see, it's a white cross that we drive that cable back up.
651, we ought to be out there by 553.
Yeah, we've got some time.
Do you want to go to the library?
Or just want to sit around here and nibble on things?
Do I have a chance to change out of my suit, you think, someplace?
Yeah, we can drop my house.
That's just so I can remember.
Yeah, in fact, the three of us, all three traveling to the airport.
They will just drop by my house and we'll use it as a dressing machine.
OK?
Well, this is nice.
I don't know how to do that.
OK.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thanks for buying the book.
Oh, well, we're going to go over.
You're coming here.
No, one lady said she was doing a talk for two hours.
That's crazy.
A lot of people hear that.
Yeah, but I'll tell you something else about them, too.
As far as the book design goes, they're a cutting edge.
Well, it's over in the glass.
Yeah, when I saw it in the glass.
The reason why I don't know how to roast this tune, the copy that they sent had a badly, because their publisher had badly scuffed.
When they opened up the volume, the spine had separated into a lot of loose sheets.
I haven't said anything yet, and I still haven't figured out how to
That's Cheryl.
She's been with Studio Blue on her.
They appear to have whatever book you've got for it.
Yeah, down there.
Can I come back?
Come on.
Stay at it.
Thank you.
Bye.
Oh.
I'm fine.
Okay.
I was trying to get you to see if you were on camera.
Maybe our sound went to cook and it got a little bit.
Yeah.
Now, do you want to, do you want to, have you got anything to eat?
Here.
I don't want to take anything.
No, here, look over here.
This is cheap, right?
Yeah.
How about, look at these.
I should have brought them to you.
And see, look at these little sandwiches.
I have some of this.
Do you want to take another one?
How do you like it up here, City?
I love it.
Welcome back.
I hope you do too.
It's a beautiful city and a big way to do this.
Well, we can.
It's beautiful and friendly and bright and all the things.
Climate is here.
Isn't it gorgeous?
I would do it for you.
And the value.
I hope to come back.
Thank you, Doctor.
A very nice spread, isn't it?
Thank you.
It was wonderful.
Everyone that comes over to me and told me this.
We will.
We definitely will.
Have you been an inspiration to all of that?
As loners, whatever.
Thank you.
I think we might be on the first leg together.
I can go on the clock.
Is that the tree tree playing up there?
Yeah.
It's pretty cool.
Right there.
At UCL.
The Ransom Center.
On the Ransom Center.
Oh, that is so nice.
Well, sorry.
Oh, it's a car.
Give me one.
It's everything big.
I would appreciate it on my bookshelf, actually.
This is inscribed to the two of you.
This book is inscribed to the two of you.
I know.
Thank you.
I'll send another one.
Great.
I'm going to read your book.
I love you.
Thank you so much.
I am definitely a Julio.
I don't know if I'm a file or a maid.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Thank you so much.
Thanks so much for having us here.
Thanks, sir.
Thanks, Barbara.
Come back again.
By then you'll be cranking out maybe a children's group.
I'd like to, I think.
I'll be in touch.
I want to show you.
He's a fellow in Boston.
He's got a website for librarians.
He's got a course.
It's kind of an educational thing.
I'd like you to be aware of it.
Oh, I'd like to.
Sam will pass on to all the information.
You know, just something to look at.
I appreciate it.
I know I will be.
It's being developed by the Sandman of the Antiques World Show.
Oh, yes.
And this is a guy that does all the educational programs at GEH.
Okay, I'm coming, I'm coming.
I'm just proud about it, I am.
And they had figures that came from the water.
That's pretty, huh?
What's the weather?
Oh, no.
It's nice to see.
You're looking over into the forest now.
I don't know anything.
Well, next time, as I say, like, you know, next day early, and you can tell about the advantages of it.
I'll tell you when I get to the airport.
I love American Airlines.
Your flight to El Paso is canceled.
We had terrible ones with our flight.
Oh, I had terrible ones.
What are you doing?
That was probably the same flight.
We had a, well, you know,
I was supposed to fly from Chicago, and they were going to fly me to Chicago, and my flight here was canceled.
So they stuck me on U.S.
Airways to Pittsburgh, then Pittsburgh to Dallas, and then Dallas to here.
I feel like I've been traveling to Australia.
Thank you.
Oh, that's great.
Well, I have three chapters for my new book as well.
I have chapters.
That is a little bit wider now, but I think that it is.
He's a character.
My kind of guy, you know.
There we go.
I know.
That sounds amazing.
Have you all had a chance to see the other entries?
Oh, I did.
You know, I've never heard a first entry.
I knew about Cheryl.
Hey, Cheryl?
Yeah, we looked at it yesterday.
I'd rather see you upstairs.
Okay.
I want to see the special classes.
A year later, a student called me at the same time as a student.
I don't see them in the same year.
I think her filing Michael Rock so quickly made a big difference.
Yeah, and I wish I could have a chance to interact more with Michael Rock because his aura was still existing.
Uh, you know, Michael got his train in.
Sure.
So, you know, I would be interested in about 35 miles from where you'd like to do it.
I know.
Well, where do you have?
Oh, with that caddy and stuff.
Talking to Uncle Mikey.
And it was, you know, it was amazing how many.
I just got a piece on Barry Moser.
Oh, sure.
Yeah, I went to here.
He says, David, what about your book?
I figured you'd do something on the book arts.
That's right.
But I'd like to do a few stories, you know.
This is a last big book.
I was surprised I wasn't going to.
illustrations and actually talk about that
Well, I can take him over to change and then come back here.
Yeah, come back here now.
Do you want to change here?
We could.
I mean, our bags are right here.
What time do we have to change here?
I can change here.
Let's go to the house.
We should leave for the airport about 5.25 or 5.30.
We have an hour, all right?
We have an hour.
Yeah, so let's go.
We'll be back.
We will be back here.
Okay.
um thank you very much um
You know, I had wanted to continue the conversation about the book as artifacts.
Well, we'll pick up on it.
Excellent, thank you.
And I am having a chapter in this new book.
I'm really interested.
You know, the book really is more than a... And the rubric is...
We've seen all books as we know them now are destined to be museum objects.
That's what they think.
Which is ridiculous.
I think.
They're totally marginalized, and they do.
So I think it's a contrary view on that.
So I'm really interested in getting all kinds of books.
If you have tons or lunch, you should look us up.
Yeah, well, when I'm in Chicago, I'll be there.
Well, your book should be done by then, so we have to pay for that.
Talk to me before that.
Yeah, I have to have this book done in a month.
It's done, supposedly.
Every time you're living, you know, you get something.
Did you touch on Sven Berkerts at all?
How do you come down on him?
I have trouble reading them, if you want to know the truth.
Isn't that?
It's a little cool book.
Oh, cool.
Okay.
It's a wonderful book.
I use that word once in the book.
I love the word opaque.
That's how Hansel Adams described Martin Reagan.
He said his eyes, or he used to photograph his camera, he said his eyes are over haze.
How do you think he had that?
I didn't mean to do it.
Dr. Sharon Fulgin-Fulgin, she's done a lot of thinking and done a lot of work with her and some focus on her back.
I wrote it down when I can't do it.
Do you know where to meet the two of you?
Right here.
Thank you.
You keep notes on it.
Oh, that's fine.
One thing I forgot.
They've got the Bhutan book that I gave them.
It's already up on the special collection staff.
Oh, okay.
It's checked out to me.
I have to return my book soon.
They'll give me some.
Bye-bye.
So, when I hit, I hit myself.
So I have a, you know, I have a...
I'm not going to totally give you the same.
Because there are some very quite ephemeral things that you don't want to put in.
I don't think I'm going to say anything about them.
They're not giving you copies of too far.
Well, yeah, they're great.
I think that I'll just give you an essay called Among the Gently Mad, and I'll certainly work on the Herzog stuff that I did, and the Texas stuff.
And it's good to me.
It'll give me an opportunity to actually put into writing, you know, Among the Gently Mad stuff, exactly in print.
And I think, I don't know this,
The next book is after this one, I'm going to see now, might just be probably fine.
It's a great thing to collect if you had an essay come in.
Two years ahead of a book that's so tired, you know.
There we go.
Cloud Unlimited.
I'll just take this up.
So how pregnant is Cheryl?
Well, the end of April, isn't he?
Really?
And she's out dogging every morning.
Wow.
That's unbelievable.
Well, old Grennan thought I was being an inhuman beast, even suggested.
Maybe a look at another area.
Maybe not even five minutes.
What did you say up there?
That's the old, one of the old, that's going to be moved there downtown, but that's one of the old steam engines that got the early trains.
It's a whole epic piece of meat.
With the exception of a couple of buildings, that's right.
A little pretty serious about that, weren't they?
Well, once they got into it, at least they followed it.
And all from a, I think it's just the main 1914 National Geographic.
It took me a year to put together about three copies of it, one for myself and one for Diana, the president of the university, and another for Special Collections, which didn't have a copy.
What is it again, if I ever see it?
It's either March, April, or May 1914, National Geographic, and the only article in it is on Utah.
So the whole issue was devoted to Utah?
Written by the British political agent.
You get a good look at it when you make a turn.
William Vizner, who's one of our better writers, I've got a copy of an article he wrote, I think it was for the Chronicle of Higher Education, Thank God for the Holiday Inn, which he describes the trials and tribulations he had of going around and speaking.
And as far as academics are concerned, he said, you know, you get the invitation.
And he said, after many years, his first question is, you have a Holiday Inn in town.
Huh?
How many will this place be?
51,000.
Wow.
Now, they didn't carve it out.
Yeah, they had to do a little bit of carving.
A little bit of carving.
Okay, let's do it.
Let's see of miners.
And then here's our basketball arena over here.
Don Haskins, who came here as a high school coach, in his fifth year won the NCAA championship.
and he was the first to kind of tap into the inner-city glass gun.
Oh, well, he did.
That's basically been the story ever since.
Yeah, and everyone else playing all those white guys.
One year, you know, Holy Cross followed and worked there.
And so one year, this has got to be like 20 years ago, they had a pretty good team.
And they were all white.
And they actually made the NCAA.
And I think they even went there.
I think they made the first class.
And they went away, you know.
But the coaches probably said, I can't believe this.
They got an all-white team on the floor.
You know, in this day and age, because they're all white teams.
Well, now, Brigham Young, the Mormon University, they can feel the team like that without any problem.
But they do have a few blacks on their own.
They want to get to see.
We don't have good black ballplayers, forget about it.
And yet everyone suggests that anytime somebody comes up and says that the blacks possess certain inherent physical, they say that's racist.
And the guy who said it said, well, I didn't mean to be racist, but I'm just looking at what the facts are.
Remember before Jimmy the Greek?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, you got it.
Well, he was stupid.
He's dead.
You know, the guy was basically an ambush interview, and the guy was just having a few drinks in the fire, and the person watching, well, he says it goes back.
He's really stupid.
They grieve.
They bred them for strength, and they can jump better than white.
Well, you know, you put something.
It may be true.
I mean, you know, it's how the racism and the racism experience
I can count the fingers of one hand.
You know, if so long comes Tiger Woods, you know, the dog is pretty much golfing.
But Tiger, you know, Tiger has a massive mix in him, so he can qualify for admission in any university, and he'd just say, well, you know, I'll pick any three of my six.
I mean, he's a genuine mix.
Well, it's on the hot feeling.
And I will be coming tomorrow.
Oh, he is going to be there?
Tomorrow morning.
I'm going to go by the center and see him.
Good.
And then he won't be here tomorrow night.
Well, offer him my best.
You'll be meeting the people down there.
Sue Murphy is the associate director.
And Sally Leach is the associate director.
Oh, okay.
I didn't realize he was still there.
And then Stephen Smith is kind of Tom's administration.
So this is our park.
And our house would try that much.
Not way up, but it's... We come down here with our granddaughter and our daughter.
There we go.
I think you told me there's a pretty crime-free area down here, huh?
We had the lowest crime rate of any large city in the United States.
And with a border location, you think, well, how do you do that?
And the one behind the Mexican-American population, I think,
Yeah, yeah, would you like to take a show?
Yeah, thank you.
I brought a scrungie, the scrungiest old raincoat that's in a ball in here.
You know, the kind of raincoat that you need.
No great loss, right?
Lovely.
And how long have you been here, Frank?
It's 1964.
Really?
There you go.
Thank you.
Bathroom.
Change in your room.
Change here.
Okay, we tried to change in here.
What?
Woo-hoo!
you
Okay.
Thank you.
.
His, uh, his, uh, his monumental work in the, in the weird way.
Well, Vizner recounted that he was preferred holiday in because he'd get picked up, if he got picked up at an airport, uh, by somebody who got lost.
And, uh, .
.
I'm going to pull right up toward the rear.
Have you got anything in there?
You've got to have an assist with a lot of students.
I don't think students are going to have a lot of students.
I don't think students are going to have an assist with a lot of students.
Thank you.
.
And if you say, hey, this morning, you're down to jail, and I say, I don't know.
I don't know.
Thank you.
So they took me up, and I'm really good at that.
Okay.
so
Thank you.